So I see lots of bonnie lasses in my color white, but my head dissent of new and bonnie Kate McBride.
I know, I know a chap that wore one away, still I'm surprised myself sometimes, that's all I've got to say.
Roman, Roman, the bonnie lances fly. Roman is my Roman, with my lucky by the side.
When the sun is gone to rest, what's time that I'll rest? For it was Roman in the morning.
One night in the grove when we were took on side by side, I kissed her twice and asked her once if she would be my bride.
She was shy and so was I, said we would bathe the same, but I got braver and braver on the journey come unhanged.
Roman, Roman, the bonnie lances fly. Roman is my Roman, with my lucky by the side.
When the sun is gone to rest, what's time that I'll rest? For it was Roman in the morning.
Last night after school when we got home at half past nine, I'm sitting by the kitchen while I ask her to be mine.
When she promised I'd look up and dance the heaven fling, I've just been tailed you're house and I've walked on my sweet ring.
Roman, Roman, the bonnie lances fly. Roman is my Roman, with my lucky by the side.
When the sun is gone to rest, what's time that I'll rest? For it was Roman in the morning.
Why can't I at school be a Roman in the morning?